The Israeli Air Force launches an attack against tunnels leading from Gaza into Israel in response to missile attacks and mortar fire.
Atheist Ireland purposefully publishes the words of Jesus Christ, Muhammad, Salman Rushdie, Mark Twain and Pope Benedict XVI on its website despite a new law banning them on grounds of blasphemy.
Egyptian archaeologists discover the largest tomb yet discovered in the ancient Saqqara necropolis.
A diesel fuel leak in Shaanxi, China reaches the Yellow River, a water source for millions of people.
Slovakia admits responsibility for a major bomb alert on Dorset Street in Dublin, Ireland, after planting explosives on a civilian as a test.
A weekend killing in Australia has prompted the Indian government to issue an advisory for its college students studying in that country.
Sékouba Konaté, the interim head of the junta in Guinea, is flown to Senegal after falling ill.
South African President Jacob Zuma urges party unity and warns economic recovery will be slow at a gathering celebrating the 98th anniversary of the African National Congress.
The Confederation of African Football announces that football matches will continue to be played in Cabinda Province where the attack took place.
Wolfgang Wodarg, the Council of Europe's head of health affairs, claims that the 2009 flu pandemic was a "false pandemic" orchestrated by the pharmaceutical industry to sell vaccines.
Thousands of supporters of former Thai Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra gather outside the home of a royal adviser accused of involvement in the 2006 coup that ousted the Prime Minister.
Tombs discovered near Egypt's pyramids reinforce the theory they were built by free workers rather than slaves.
Australia experiences its hottest night since 1902, as a heat wave grips the country.
Turkish police arrest at least 14 military officers, including four generals, accused of a 2003 coup plot.
Al-Qaeda's top leader in Afghanistan, and Osama bin Laden's third in command, Mustafa Abu al-Yazid, is reported killed.